Good day today I will do a video review
ceramic gas burner and another
called infrared heater
the reason for its acquisition was
no electricity for 5
days
since the only way to heat
our house is more electricity
in detail the work of the heating pad you will learn from
my video
was he volume of 12 liters refueled i 8
liters of gas and now write down by
time on time learning time
to calculate the gas flow
according to this burner hot water bottle
it turns out the Turkish inscription on it and how
type nameplate gas edge will find
immediately complete with gear with
the key too which is not necessary to tighten
run to look for the key and
sealing gum goes on much
connection use for
connect mind balloon connect
acquire mind was he immediately
connect correctly
midi parties did not go and all fine
ready to use here
box packaging is very burrows boards
there is an expense on the box here
hard to see turns out to be a half power
kilowatt 110 grams per hour consumption
let's see 110 game for an hour it's pretty
still interesting and expense heating
we have a room somewhere 12 or 16 o'clock
the temperature rises by 4 degrees
heat pretty comfortable in emergency
cases like we have 4 days no
electricity heated by a beggar therefore
we bask given a warmer, I do not
I know how to celebrate the burner for sure
work on the principle I have almost
arranges solely on the sides somehow
that's weird
everywhere hot area
ceramics anikin yes I forgot to say that this
ceramic goes burner area by
on the sides there is a little bit of something
gas with places it seems like well there is no
Well, like you do not that here it is not
this gas burns completely
I will try to check the other moment
burners understand how to be on themselves
important note
use of the burner should be
the rooms are ventilated in our case
Here is the window to be
sufficient combustion air supply
gas
well, respectively, to carbon monoxide
after the collapse of the combustion gas
weathered
the usual match turns out
we light a match immediately open the floor and
present this immediately appears
blue flame on camera may not be
you can see that moment later when pottery
slowly being played out on becomes
red is created on red and
pretty warm very powerful
warms up to hold on such
distance as now i keep i no longer
I’ll get this distance
I can normally well so as not to burn yourself
feel no comfortable
here's the temperature
gas burner in case of emergency
can warm you in the winter when outside
minus 11 degrees and in the room at the time
even when there was no you burner was 14
degrees of heat in this room and in another
thanks for ordering room
light so we did not appear somewhere
lost our light has gained a balloon
small for 12 liters as a rule he has
8 liters of gasoline aitl
and for the room we have somewhere 12 or 16
squares accurately measured posting